#### Machine API
* Based on the upstream ClusterAPI project and custom OCP resources.
* Performs all node host provisioning management actions after the control plane is installed.
* Machine API Operator deploys and configures:
    1. Controllers
    2. CRDs
* Machine controllers provision and deprovision Machine and Node objects.
* Machine API resources all reside in `openshift-machine-api` namespace (not cluster scoped)


* API: [machine.openshift.io/v1beta1]
* Objects:
    * **Machine**: It represents a single node (virtual machine). Holds its information:
        * IP config
        * Internal DNS resolution
        * ...
    * **MachineSet**: Represents a set of nodes/machines. Sets this information:
        * AMI image
        * Block devices
        * Subnet
        * ...
    * **MachineHealthCheck**: health check configuration for the machines. Specifies the conditions
    to determine when a node is unhealthy, to recreate another.

* API:  [machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1]
* Objects:
    * **MachineConfig**: Is used for specific configurations Machine level:
        * Ignition version
        * RHEL CoreOS version
        * Storage mode and content
        * OS users, passwords and keys
        * ...
    * **MachineConfigPool**: Is a binding between MachineConfigs and a Node [v1] through nodeSelector (matchLabels)
    * **ControllerConfig**: Describes configuration for MachineConfigController. This is currently only used to drive
    the MachineConfig objects generated by the TemplateController.


Cluster auto-scaler works with machinesets thorught Machine auto-scaler
Machineset must be associated with machine auto-scaler in order to be able to be controlled by cluster auto-scaler. Machineset not associated with machine autoscaler is out of Cluster autoscaler control. Machine Auto-scaler creates annotation in the participant machinesets and set min and max and other policies, then the Machine auto-scaler knows that it can control the machinesets.

#### Cluster Autoscaler
* Based on upstream ClusterAutoscaler project and integrated with MachineAPI in OCP.
* Controlled by the *cluster autoscaler operator*.
* Adds Machines/Nodes to a cluster automatically
* Requires MachineAutoscalers to function

